Pages new clone (#322)
TheLocehiliosan/yadm: _docs/030_getting_started.md

    yadm clone <url>
    yadm status

> The `clone` command will attempt to check out all files that exists in the
> repository. If a file already exists locally and have content that differs from
> the one in the repository, the local file will be left unmodified and you'll
> have to review and resolv the difference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clone` command will attempt to check out all files that exist in the
repository. If a file already exists locally and has content that differs from
the one in the repository, the local file will be left unmodified and you'll
have to review and resolve the differences.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed now!
